Video Interview Questions
The Video Interview questions would be testing a candidate’s Technical knowledge, Skills, behavior, and instincts. Given below, are some of the actual questions asked during interviews of the MIT Sloan School of Business and the Imperial College of London;

1. Compute the natural log of 00.00

Answer – Natural log means a logarithm of a number with the base as e (2.718…). And the natural logarithm is defined only for positive non zero numbers and hence natural logarithm of 0 is not defined.

2. Where is Big Data used in a firm?

Answer – Firms like Amazon, Google, Facebook, and Twitter has huge data pilestocks, which they have analyze time and then for a better customer experience. The treasure for these companies lies in the analysis of these data. They use Big Data and Business analytics to find different trends, requirements, and other opportunities for the company. The Business analysts use Big Data for storage and then use various analytics tools to get useful information from them.

3. Tell me an experience you had when you were the team member and nobody sided you for your decision.

Answer – In general any team or group, while structuring their plan or vision faces conflict among the team members. This kind of healthy conflicts, which are helpful for the company or team in the long run and this is how the inefficient solutions are rejected, creative ideas are formed. You can share any of your experience while your projects or Internships.

4. What you think will be the most challenging part of this master’s program?

Answer – If you are from a non computer Science background, then subjects based on R programming could be a bit difficult. Also, subjects based on Cloud platforms like the Amazon Web services could be difficult to understand.

5. If you are up for a salary hike or a promotion, explain to your senior authority as to why you think you are eligible for that.

Answer – To answer this question, you should be able to point out the highlights of your previous projects and what enhancements you’ve done and how it affected the company. You can also point out some problems, which weren’t previously solved and how you solved them with your leadership skills.

6. What is the shape of a logarithmic curve – concave or concave?

Answer – The shape of a Logarithmic function is convex, as the opening mouth of the function always face downwards. It is close to the negative ordinate and as you go forward in the positive x-axis, it moves away from the positive ordinate but facing downwards, and hence convex.

7. How is this MSc best suited to your dreams?

Answer – Business Analytics is like meshing your technical and management skills into one, which is further strengthened by developing leadership qualities. If you want to become an analyst in big data driven companies and reach higher leadership positions where your decisions could impact the society, then this might be the best course in achieving your dreams.

8. Tell me a situation where you’ve demonstrated your leadership skills.

Answer – Any leadership quality like, Decision making capabilities, Communication, creativity, or bringing a vision and passing it on to the lowest level of the firm effectively, which you’ve exhibited during your projects, internships, or at work would answer this question.

9. Why should we offer you a place in our university?

Answer – The University you would be applying for should provide you the subjects and electives which inclines with your interests. Your profile matches the requirements of the universities and fee structure along the with the living expenses of the country is matching with your capabilities.

10. If you’re in a soccer team, what would your position be?

Answer – You could answer any position you want to be like defender, or the mid field player. But your answer should strengthen your abilities.


11. How does the MSc Business Analytics from Imperial help you achieve your career goals?

12. What modules did from your undergrad are related to this course?

13. Why do you want to study in the UK?

14. Why MSc Business Analytics and not an MBA?

15. Is the logarithmic function concave or convex?

16. What happens to a if b drops if they are uncorrelated?

17. Tell me a time you’ve been in a team and what position did you hold?

18. You are up for promotion in your team. Explain to your boss why you deserve a promotion

19. Which industry is using big data most effectively?

20. What’s the greatest problem you will deal with during this masters?

21. Why should we offer you a place?

22. Tell us about a time you were overloaded with work, how did you handle it?

23. Tell us a time where you had an idea and had to convince your team or manager.

24. Tell me of a time when you demonstrated a high level of drive to achieve a goal.

25. How are you involved with your community?

26. What is the business you most admire and why?

27. Tell me about a time you had to work with a very diverse group.

28. Why is now the right time for you to get your Masters?

29. What will you do after you get your Masters?

30. What is your background?

31. You have to speak to your boss about an overdue promotion, but she is hesitating. Show me how you would negotiate a successful outcome.

32. What do you think is the future of your field?

33. Tell us about a time you worked in a team and failed?


