How would you create a model to find bad sellers on marketplace?

How would you improve notifications?

How would you measure the success of a product?

Instagram is launching a new feature...how would you tell if it’s doing well? 

What is your favorite product and how would you improve it using data?


Provided with a table of user IDs and the dates they visited the platform, find the top 100 users with the longest continuous streak of visiting the platform as of yesterday  

Run a query to identify common friends between users

How would you set up an experiment to evaluate a new product's performance?

How would you measure success for separate parts of the product, such as Facebook Live vs. client advertisements?

How could you use current and past data to anticipate features users will want in the future?

How would you prepare to access a new product launch?

Do people interact more or less on Facebook with their siblings?
How would you measure interaction?
How would you determine if people are siblings?
How could Facebook use this information?

How does activity vary depending on the season? What region/s are you looking at? How would you weight activity, is a comment worth more than a like?
What factors would you use to distinguish users?
How could Facebook use this information?

How would you create a process to identify fake news postings on Facebook? Define a metric.
Facebook sees that likes are up 10% year over year, why could this be?
How can Facebook figure out when users falsify their attended schools?
If 70% of Facebook users on iOS use Instagram, but only 35% of Facebook users on Android use Instagram, how would you investigate the discrepancy?

What do you think the distribution of time spent per day on Facebook looks like?

How would you evaluate the predictions of an Uber ETA model?
What features would you use to predict the Uber ETA for ride requests?

1. What is the difference between HAVING and WHERE?
2. When are COUNT(*) and COUNT DISTINCT equal?
3. Can left and inner join return the same results?
4. What is the difference between RANK and DENSE RANK?
5. Can UNION and UNION ALL return the same results?
6. What are the best scenarios to use a self join?
7. How can you use SQL to dedupe rows?
8. In what scenarios is the LAG function useful?
9. Use a window function to calculate a running total.
10. Why would you use GROUP BY ROLLUP?
